BI closes her eyes and goes over to the other side of the bed, next to RE’s body. She tries to put her arm round her waist, but as soon as she touches it she sinks into her until she feels the firmness of the mattress under her body, as if she’d meant to embrace a boneless thing, full of cotton. She jumps up. Her chest pounds furiously, her breathing laboured, gulping in the air.
“RE...” she stammers, looking at her with terror in her eyes. 
She puts a trembling hand to her neck, touches it with her index finger and it sinks in once again... it sinks into a cushioned, spongy interior. BI starts to sob. She puts her hand to her face, covering her mouth tight. She shakes her head slowly, struck dumb. She looks at RE, her eyes gone, staring at something transparent... A fine, plastic thread, like the fishing line that joins the beads of her bracelets. It forms a straight line from the skin behind each ear, running from both sides of her neck. It’s... it’s a seam. BI closes her eyes with a look of pain. She steps clumsily away from the body, walking over to the bedside table. She grabs her telephone quickly, dials the number for the emergency services, and stays there staring at the screen, her eyes blank. Her thumb is suspended in the air, above the call button. Then her face slowly contracts, filling with rage. She shouts out, hurling the telephone. 
BI walks round the room until he comes to the wardrobe, rummages in one of the drawers and grabs a T-shirt. He unravels it, finds a gun. He holds it tightly in one hand as he starts to walk in circles with nervous steps. He gesticulates as if he were talking to herself, wiping the back of his hand over his sweat-covered forehead. A few seconds pass before he stops, dry tears on his face, breathing as he puts his hands on her waist. Calm now, he nods slightly to give himself confidence and picks up the phone he threw to the floor. He searches in his contacts and calls NU+8715. 
“BI... what... what’s going on?” says a tired voice, waking up. 
“They took him.”
“What...? Took who?”
“He’s not here, he’s been taken,” he repeats with a dull tone, devoid of emotion. 